1) pico - edit a file
	ls - display directory
	mkdir - make a directory
	cd - change a directory
2) config - set configuration parameters
	clone - copy a repository
	status - display the status of the current epository
	add - adds changes
	commit - makes changes permanent in the local repository
	push - uploads changes in the local repository to the remote repository
3) 	i. To ensure academic honesty, please include your sources (and the names of fellow students with whom 
you brainstormed) as a separate document, to be submitted with each assignment.  
If you have not collaborated with any one, this document should include the following statement: 
I did not collaborate with anyone while working on this assignment.
	ii. You can consult any available resources (printed or online) when doing homework assignments, except 
generative AI tools, like ChatGPT. Always read and understand the material you find. Then put it aside and 
start writing your own answer. This ensures that the work you submit is different enough that it becomes 
your own. Similarly, you can discuss your ideas with your class mates for homework assignments. 
However, do not do your homework with individuals outside of your group. You are welcome to use 
concepts that were not covered in class, which you might already know or found online, but you must be 
able to verbally explain your solution and show thorough understanding of the concepts you used, when 
asked. 
If you have not consulted any external sources, this document should include the following statement: 
I did not consult any sources other than the textbook while working on this assignment. 
	iii. 10% per day
	iv. Regular class attendance is expected by the University and is the responsibility of the student. It is the 
responsibility of the student to understand the attendance policy in each course he or she takes, as 
outlined in each course syllabus. 
When absent, students remain responsible for finding out what class activities occurred during the 
absence and making up missed work if the instructor permits it. When a student knows in advance that it 
will be necessary to miss a class session, the student should inform the instructor. 
When a student has missed a significant portion of coursework, which may be difficult or impossible to 
make up, the student should confer with the course instructor to explore options, including withdrawal or 
late withdrawal from the course. The student also may consult with an Academic Adviser, the Dean of 
Students or designee, or the Registrar's Office to consider various options. 
Absences occasioned by official University activities, such as participation in conferences, intercollegiate 
athletic events, musical performances, and other events, must be documented in advance through the 
Office of the Dean of Student Affairs. A student that knows that such absences will occur shall confer with 
the instructor in respect to such absences.
